The first stub that
we're going to flesh in,
write the full function for,
is show phones.
The reason for that is, if we did delete,
we wouldn't know whether
something was deleted.
If we did new, we wouldn't know
whether something new was done.
With show phones,
we can see whether these other things
are working when we write them.
Let me run this one just a moment and
show you what it does.
Nothing else really works.
Just show.
Now, the way we're doing this is,
I've gotta have something to show.
So I create a list of phones here.
It has two phones, Jerry Seinfeld and
his number, Cosmo Kramer and his number.
Each phone is a two-element list
consisting of a name and number.
The name position is 0,
a phone position is 1, and
I'm going to use name_pos and
phone_pos, instead of 0 and 1,
to refer to these, so I don't get
confused as to what I'm looking at.
There has to be a header for
this name and phone number, and so
I create a header as though
it were another phone.
Now here's the show phones function.
First of all, I'm going to show phone, the
header, and I'll pass around this blank.
I'll show you what this
blank is about later.
Then I'm going to step through the phones.
For every phone in phones,
I'm going to show phone, and
I'm going to send this index so
they're numbered, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
I'll start the index off at one,
after I show a phone,
I'm going to bump the index up by 1.
And I'm going to pass to show phone,
not only the phone itself, but the index.
And I'm not going to show
the individual phone in this function.
I'm going to have another
function that will do that.
And then at the end,
I'm going to skip a line, so
that there's a little space
after the list of phones.
Here's how we show an individual phone.
We'll pass the phone, but just remember,
a list with two things in it, the name and
the phone number.
And we send the index.
We have a string, the index is
going to occupy three spaces, and
it's going to be right justified.
The name is going to occupy 20 spaces,
and it's going to be left justified.
The phone number is going to occupy 16
spaces, and it'll be right justified.
We're going to use that output string,
and we're going to format it, so
that index goes into
the 0th element position.
Phone name goes into the 1 position, and
phone number goes into the 3rd position.
And there it is, index,
name, phone number.
That's all there is to it.
You've got show phones,
which is going to send the header.
It's going to step through the list of
phones and send show phone each phone.
And the show phones are going to
be formatted and printed.
Up here, we did create these things,
and that's to get us by right now.
Ultimately, we'll set the phones
list to the empty list.